+++
title = "AI for Effective and Responsible Social Network Campaigns"
date = 2020-07-08T00:00:00  # Schedule page publish date.
draft = false

# Talk start and end times.
#   End time can optionally be hidden by prefixing the line with `#`.
time_start = 2020-07-08T17:00:00
#time_end = 2019-06-01

# Abstract and optional shortened version.
abstract = "In this presentation, prof. Moniek Buijzen and dr. Thabo van Woudenberg talk about their upcoming plans to use artificial intellegence to promote a healthy lifestyle in youth."
#abstract_short = ""

# Name of event and optional event URL.
event = "Erasmus Data Summi 2020"
event_url = "https://www.erasmusdatasummit.nl/"

# Location of event.
location = "World wide"

# Is this a selected talk? (true/false)
selected = false

# Projects (optional).
#   Associate this talk with one or more of your projects.
#   Simply enter your project's filename without extension.
#   E.g. `projects = ["deep-learning"]` references `content/project/deep-learning.md`.
#   Otherwise, set `projects = []`.
projects = []

# Tags (optional).
#   Set `tags = []` for no tags, or use the form `tags = ["A Tag", "Another Tag"]` for one or more tags.
tags = []

# Links (optional).
url_pdf = "files/ECDA_2020.pdf"
url_slides = ""
url_video = ""
url_code = ""

# Does the content use math formatting?
math = true

# Does the content use source code highlighting?
highlight = true

# Featured image
# Place your image in the `static/img/` folder and reference its filename below, e.g. `image = "example.jpg"`.
[header]
image = "erasmus.jpg"
caption = "Lent"

+++
