+++
title = "To Be There, or Not To Be There: Transportation, Involvement, and Presence in Virtual Reality"
date = 2017-01-01T00:00:00  # Schedule page publish date.
draft = false

# Talk start and end times.
#   End time can optionally be hidden by prefixing the line with `#`.
time_start = 2015-05-24T13:30:00
#time_end = 2030-06-01

# Abstract and optional shortened version.
abstract = "This study investigates how the feeling of being present in virtual reality is enhanced by psychological mechanisms. More specifically, we examine (1) whether involvement with a virtual reality game and transportation into the narrative induce feelings of presence and (2) how variations in narratives can enhance these psychological mechanisms leading to presence. In a virtual reality lab setting 160 participants heard one of several narratives and played an unsolvable puzzle. Afterwards, participants filled out a questionnaire measuring the amount of presence in the virtual environment, involvement with the game, and transportation into the narrative. As hypothesized, transportation into the narrative predicted involvement with the game, which in turn predicted feelings of presence. In addition, chronological narratives elicited more transportation than disrupted narratives. These results are of interest to virtual reality game developers, and may be applied to other applications of virtual realities, like virtual studies or simulations for instruction purposes."
#abstract_short = ""

# Name of event and optional event URL.
event = "International Communication Association 2015"
event_url = "https://convention2.allacademic.com/one/ica/ica15/"

# Location of event.
location = "San Juan, Puerto Rico"

# Is this a selected talk? (true/false)
selected = false

# Projects (optional).
#   Associate this talk with one or more of your projects.
#   Simply enter your project's filename without extension.
#   E.g. `projects = ["deep-learning"]` references `content/project/deep-learning.md`.
#   Otherwise, set `projects = []`.
projects = []

# Tags (optional).
#   Set `tags = []` for no tags, or use the form `tags = ["A Tag", "Another Tag"]` for one or more tags.
tags = []

# Links (optional).
url_pdf = "files/citations/ICA2015.pdf"
url_slides = ""
url_video = ""
url_code = ""

# Does the content use math formatting?
math = true

# Does the content use source code highlighting?
highlight = true

# Featured image
# Place your image in the `static/img/` folder and reference its filename below, e.g. `image = "example.jpg"`.
[header]
image = "ICA2015.jpg"
caption = "Ponce, Puerto Rico"

+++
